books:
The tolerance proportionality of adaptive ODE solvers

1 CVode 的tolerance设置比较关键，它直接影响每次进行积分的精度，如果 tolerance设置不合适，会造成误差，误差累积过大会导致严重的错误

2 CVode 的CV_NORMAL模式，cv_h是每次运算的步长。cv_h受哪些用户输入量的影响呢？
	之所以考虑这个问题，是因为在运算时会报 mxstep steps taken before reaching
tout.的问题，会造成运算不完全。
	CVode提供一个函数CVodeSetInitStep来设置cv_hin，为用户设置的初始步长。如果不调用这个函数，那么cv_hin在初始化时被赋值为0。cv_h在cvode.c
中的cvode函数中受到cv_hin的影响。
    如果没有设置h_in，CVHin(cv_mem, tout)会通过计算得到一个h0, 这个h0也会影响到cv_h的值。

3 参数设置
Initial Time 
	specifies the time at which to start the ordinary differential equation (ODE) solver. The default is 0.

Final Time 
	is the time at which the ODE solver stops.

Time Step 
	is the interval between the times at which the ODE solver evaluates the model and updates the model output, in 		seconds. LabVIEW uses this parameter only if you select a fixed step-size ODE solver.

Absolute Tolerance 
	specifies the absolute tolerance the ODE solver uses to control the error. For y' = f(y), the ODE solver maintains 		error ≈ |y| * relative tolerance + absolute tolerance. LabVIEW uses this parameter only if you select a variable 
	step-size solver. Variable step-size solvers use this error to adjust the step size. If the error is too large, the 		variable step-size solver reduces the step size. If the error is too small, the variable step-size solver increases 		the step size. Absolute tolerance is most significant when y is small.

Relative Tolerance 
	specifies the relative tolerance the ODE solver uses to control the error. 
	For y' = f(y), the ODE solver maintains error ≈ |y| * relative tolerance + absolute tolerance. 
	LabVIEW uses this parameter only if you select a variable step-size solver. Variable step-size solvers use this 	error to adjust the step size. If the error is too large, the variable step-size solver reduces the step size. If 		the error is too small, the variable step-size solver increases the step size. Relative tolerance is most 		significant when y is large.

Minimum Time Step 
specifies the smallest time step size the ODE solver can use to evaluate the simulation diagram. LabVIEW uses this parameter only if you select a variable step-size solver.

Maximum Time Step 
specifies the largest time step size the ODE solver can use to evaluate the simulation diagram. LabVIEW uses this parameter only if you select a variable step-size solver.

Initial Time Step 
specifies the time step size for the first time step of the simulation diagram evaluation. LabVIEW uses this parameter only if you select a variable step-size solver.

Discrete Time Step 
specifies the base time step to use for discrete functions, in seconds. The ODE solver might not evaluate a discrete function every Discrete Time Step. The ODE solver evaluates the discrete function and updates the function output every n discrete time steps, where n is the sample rate divisor parameter you specify for that function.

error in (no error) 
describes error conditions that occur before this node runs. This input provides standard error in functionality.

times 
is the array of points in time at which the differential equation solver stepped or was evaluated. If a fixed step-size solver was selected then times will contain evenly spaced values.

outputs 
is a two-dimensional array of y values. Each row corresponds to the vector of y-values evaluated at a particular time. Each column is history of a particular y-value over time.

error out 
contains error information. This output provides standard error out functionality.
