copasi-32-src:

dependencies:
1 libsbml-3.4.1:
		./configure --enable-layout=true
2 lapack
3 qwt qwt3d

QT 4 
The binary packages are statically linked against QT 4.5, but all version of QT 4 newer than
4.5 should work. If you only intend to build a non-GUI version of COPASI, Qt 4 version older than
4.5 should work as well as long as qmake is available. If you have a recent linux distribution, Qt
4.5 might already be preinstalled or there will be packages that can be installed. Since Qt 4 is
usually distributed as several packages, make sure the development tools and the headers files are
installed.

LAPACK, CLAPACK, or Intel 
MKL The binary packages are statically linked against Intel MKL. Just grab
the latest version you can find and you should be fine
Expat The binary packages are statically linked against 2.0.1, older version will usually work, but
you might miss out on some bugfixes. Usually the version that comes with your linux distribution
should do.

libsbml-3.4.1
we are using a patched version of libsbml 3.4.1 which contains some bugfixes from
libsbml 4. Currently COPASI will not compile against libsbml 4 without some additional work, but we
hope to change this starting with Build-33. We build libsbml without support for reading and writing
of compressed files. If you want file compression, you have additional dependencies to zlib and the
bzip2 library. libsbml has to be compiled with support for the SBML layout extension. (./configure
		--enable-layout=yes --enable-compression=no --with-expat)

raptor 
The latest version of this RDF parsing library should be OK. We are currently using version
1.4.19. The version we are using is build against expat and without www support. (configure options
		--with-xml-parser=expat --with-www=none). If you are using a version that comes with your linux
distribution, it will probably be compiled against libxml2 and you will have to include this
dependency into COPASI build system before COPASI will compile.

additional library dependencies for the GUI version
Qt 4 
was already mentioned above, but if you want to build the GUI version, you have to make sure
that Qt 4 has been build with Qt 3 compatibility support since parts of the GUI have not been fully
converted to Qt 4 yet. This will hopefully change soon.
Qwt Just get the latest version and make sure it is compiled against Qt 4 QwtPlot3D Get the latest 
version of this 3D plotting library and make sure it is compiled against Qt 4.

SBW 
Systems Biology Workbench allows us to send and receive SBML models from other SBW enabled
programs. The latest version should be OK. COPASI can also be build without SBW support.
